Feat(plugins): Add deprecation for ansible-core<2.14 and python 3.8 (#3187)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/docs/release-notes/4.x.x.md

## Release 4.4.0

### Deprecation Warnings for Python 3.8 and ansible-core<2.14

> - As per https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/release_and_maintenance.html#ansible-core-support-matrix, `ansible-core` 2.13 is EOL on November 6th 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As per https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/release_and_maintenance.html#ansible-core-support-matrix, `ansible-core` version 2.12 was declared End-of-Life (EOL) on May 22nd 2023 and version 2.13 will be declared EOL on November 6th 2023.
```

>   AVD will drop support for `ansible-core<2.14` in the next Minor Release after this date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  AVD will drop support for `ansible-core<2.14` in the next **minor** release after November 6th 2023.
```

>   AVD will drop support for `ansible-core<2.14` in the next **minor** release after November 6th 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  AVD will drop support for `ansible-core` versions 2.12 and 2.13 in the next **minor** release after November 6th 2023.
```

> - Because `ansible-core>=2.14` does not support Python < 3.9, the support for Python 3.8 will be dropped at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Since `ansible-core` versions above 2.14 do not support Python versions below 3.9, the support for Python 3.8 will be dropped from AVD at the same time.
```

> - The `arista.avd.verify_requirements` module will start emitting deprecation warnings starting AVD 4.4 to warn users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `arista.avd.verify_requirements` module will start emitting deprecation warnings starting AVD 4.4 to warn users about these deprecations.
```
